ARROW-13035: [C++] indices_nonzero compute function (#11886)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/compute.rst

+-----------------------+-------+-----------------------------------+----------------+---------------------------------+-------+
| starts_with           | Unary | Binary- or String-like            | Boolean        | :struct:`MatchSubstringOptions` | \(2)  |
+-----------------------+-------+-----------------------------------+----------------+---------------------------------+-------+

> | indices_nonzero       | Unary | Boolean, Null, Numeric            | Int64          |                                 |       |

Reviewer: Please add a description of what this function does, since this is the public reference documentation.

Reviewer: Also, add compute function to the [Python compute functions.](https://github.com/apache/arrow/blob/master/docs/source/python/api/compute.rst#containment-tests)

Reviewer 2: Also, it seems like this should be `UInt64`, not `Int64`.

Author: 👍

* \(4) For each element *i* in input 2 (the indices), the *i*'th element
  in input 1 (the values) is appended to the output.

Containment tests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This functions return the indices at which elements match a predicate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function returns the indices at which array elements are non-null and non-zero.
```

+-----------------------+-------+-----------------------------------+----------------+---------------------------------+-------+

> | Function name         | Arity | Input types                       | Output type    | Options class                   | Notes |

Reviewer 2: No need to add "Options class" and "Notes" columns if they remain empty, IMHO.

Author: I thought about this initially, but I think that keeping those two columns will make life easier for additional compute functions that might have notes or options. Given that indentation in rst tables makes easy to mess them up, already preparing the columns will make life easier for future additions.
